docs: add managing userguide (#161)
ApeWorX/silverback: docs/userguides/managing.md

> # Managing Your Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Managing Workspaces and Clusters via the Silverback Platform
```

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b20bac3-100b-4ef6-868c-8adbe0dce96f)

This is too long of a title so I'm going to shorten it to `# Managing Workspaces and Clusters`

> In this guide, we are going to show you more details on how to manage your [Silverback Platform](https://silverback.apeworx.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we are going to show you more details on how to get set up locally with the [Silverback Platform](https://silverback.apeworx.io) to get your bots to production.
```

> ## Managing Workspaces 

Reviewer: Add something on how it's recommended to first signup for Silverback at silverback.apeworx.io

# Silverback Platform

In this guide, we are going to show you more details on how to manage get set up locally with the [Silverback Platform](https://silverback.apeworx.io) to get your bots to production.

You can signup for Silverback to get full access for free at [https://silverback.apeworx.io](https://silverback.apeworx.io).

```{note}
The Platform UI will let you create and manage Workspaces and Clusters using a graphical experience, which may be preferred.
The CLI experience is for those working locally who don't want to visit the website, or are locally developing their applications.
```

Once you have signed up, you can actually create (and pay for) your Clusters from the Silverback CLI utility by first
logging in to the Platform using [`silverback login`][silverback-login].

## Managing a Workspace

A Workspace is an area for one or more people to co-manage a set of clusters together. You can manage workspaces from the Silverback CLI using [`silverback cluster workspaces`][silverback-cluster-workspaces].

> Using the Silverback CLI you can [list][silverback-cluster-workspaces-list], [make new][silverback-cluster-workspaces-new], [view the configuration information][silverback-cluster-workspaces-info], [update][silverback-cluster-workspaces-update], and [delete][silverback-cluster-workspaces-delete] workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Silverback CLI you can [list workspaces][silverback-cluster-workspaces-list], [make new ones][silverback-cluster-workspaces-new], [view their configuration information][silverback-cluster-workspaces-info], [update their metadata][silverback-cluster-workspaces-update], as well as [delete them][silverback-cluster-workspaces-delete].
```

## Managing a Cluster

> The Silverback Platform runs your Bots on dedicated managed application Clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Silverback Platform runs your Bots on dedicated managed Clusters.
```

> These Clusters will take care to orchestrate infrastructure, monitor, run your triggers, and collect metrics for your applications.

Reviewer: Let's use the "bots" nomenclature everywhere we can
```suggestion
These Clusters will take care to orchestrate infrastructure, monitor performance, run triggers, and collect metrics for all of your bots you have added to them.
```

> Each Cluster is bespoke for an individual or organization, and isolates your applications from others on different infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Cluster is bespoke for an individual or organization, and isolates your bots from other users by virtual of running on different infrastructure.
```
